Purple skin (c) 2017 James Hare. All rights reserved. Terms are below.

This skin is derived from the "Foreground" skin, copyright (c) 2013,
Garrick Van Buren, Jamie Thingelstad, Tom Hutchison. All rights
reserved.

The license text below "====" applies to all files within this
distribution, other than those that are in a directory which contains
files named "LICENSE" or "COPYING", or a subdirectory thereof. For
those files, the license text contained in said file overrides any
license information contained in directories of smaller depth.
Alternative licenses are typically used for software that is provided
by external parties, and merely packaged with the Foreground release
for convenience.

====

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1) Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2) Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
